Add documentation related to citation and sensitivity label (#5299)
microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat: docs/CITATION.md

# Citation

This document describes how citation works in Web Chat.

## Background

Adding citation in a message helps customers better understand the response.

Web Chat added citation support since [4.16.0](../CHANGELOG.md#4160---2023-11-16).

## Terminology

### Markdown reference style link

A type of link in Markdown that is placed below the paragraph. Reduce repetitiveness when multiple words shared the same link and improve readability for plain text users.

CommonMark-compliant Markdown engines will inline the link into the paragraph and should not render it differently than normal inline links.

### Sensitivity label

> Optional metadata to indicate how the subject should be used. Commonly use to indicate level of confidentiality of the subject or the audience scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optional metadata indicating how the subject should be handled, often used to specify the confidentiality level or intended audience scope.
```

### Activity graph

Activity graph is the collective of all Schema.org things (a.k.a. objects) inside `entities` field. These things must have `type` field under https://schema.org domain and conform to JSON-LD specification.

The activity graph should have a [Message thing](#message-thing).

### Message thing

A [Message thing](https://schema.org/Message) represent the message activity itself and act as the root of the [activity graph](#activity-graph). It must have the following fields:

-  `@context` of `"https://schema.org"`
-  `@id` of `""` (an empty string means self in JSON-LD fashion)
-  `@type` of `"Message"`
-  `type` of `"https://schema.org/Message"`

### Non-URL citation

Citation which does not have a link to point the user to. But part or whole of the cited content is attached in the activity.

## Bot implementation

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This section outlines the key components and steps for implementing citations in bot responses. By following these guidelines, developers can ensure their bots generate properly formatted citations that can be rendered effectively in Web Chat and other supported channels.

```

> Bot developers would need to implement the citation as outlined in this section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bot developers should implement citations as outlined in this section to ensure proper functionality.
```

            "usageInfo": {
               "@id": "_:s1",
               "@type": "CreativeWork",
               "additionalType": "https://copilotstudio.microsoft.com/sensitivity-labels/v1",
               "description": "Data is classified as Confidential but is NOT PROTECTED to allow access by approved NDA business partners. If a higher level of protection is needed please change the sensitivity level of the cited content.",
               "keywords": ["EncryptedContent"],
               "name": "Confidential\\Any User (No Protection)",
               "pattern": {
                  "@type": "DefinedTermSet",
                  "inDefinedTermSet": "https://www.w3.org/TR/css-color-4/",
                  "name": "color",
                  "termCode": "orange"
               }
            }
         },
         "claimInterpreter": {
            "@type": "Project",
            "slogan": "Surfaced with Azure OpenAI",
            "url": "https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/ai/responsible-ai"
         },
         "position": "3"
      }
   ],
   "keywords": ["AIGeneratedContent"],
   "type": "https://schema.org/Message",
   "usageInfo": {
      "@id": "_:s1"
   }
}
```

## Design decisions

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The following design decisions were made to optimize the citation implementation for our needs. These choices reflect our approach to balancing technical requirements with user experience considerations.

```

### Markdown pure identifiers for badges

Pure identifiers is a type of link identifiers which does not have a specific word linked. Instead, it use the identifier itself as a link.

We are rendering pure identifiers as citation badges.

Example of text without pure identifiers: `Here is the [link][1] about copilot.` would have the word "link" referencing the link indicated by `1` in the reference style link. It would render as "Here is the link about copilot." with the word "link" usually underlined or colored.

Example of text With pure identifiers, `Here is the link[1] about copilot.` would have the identifier "1" added to the text and we would use this as a badge. The message would render as "Here is the link 1 about copilot."

In Web Chat, the identifier "1" would be styled as a badge and may have a "open in new tab" icon and additional text alternative for accessibility.

Note: some Markdown engine treats `link[1][1]` and `link[1]` synonymically.

### Using `position` instead of `@id` to match links from Markdown to Claim

> Instead of using `@id`, we are using `position` to matchmake the link definition in Markdown to the Claim thing in the activity graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use `position` instead of `@id` to match the link definition in Markdown to the Claim thing in the activity graph. This simplifies the matching process and maintains an ordinal relationship between citations in the text and their corresponding Claims.
```

### Source of truths

If there are deviations of information in Markdown and Message thing, the Message thing should take precedence over the Markdown, given the receiver understood the Message thing.

### `usageInfo` on the `Message` thing should be a blank node

In JSON-LD, blank node means a node that does not have any contents but `@id` and is intended for referencing other nodes in the system.

`Message.usageInfo` is representing sensitivity label for the whole message. The sensitivity label it is referring to is usually the sensitivity label which has highest priority or importance.

> ## Further reads

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Further Reading
```
